Add erc20 docs (#689)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/guides/erc20-supply.adoc

= Creating ERC20 Supply

:eip-20: https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20[EIP20]

In this guide, you will learn how to create an ERC20 token with a custom supply mechanism.
We will showcase the creation of both a fixed supply and a dynamic supply that you will be able to apply to your own smart contract development practice.

The standard interface implemented by tokens built on Starknet comes from the popular token standard on Ethereum called ERC20.
{eip-20}, from which the ERC20 contract is derived, does not specify how tokens are created.
We'll go over two strategies for creating token supply.

== Fixed Supply

> Let's say we want to create a token named MyToken with a fixed token supply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say we want to create a token named `MyToken` with a fixed token supply.
```

We can achieve this by setting the token supply in the constructor which will execute upon deployment.

[,javascript]
----
#[starknet::contract]
mod MyToken {
    use starknet::ContractAddress;
    use openzeppelin::token::erc20::ERC20;

    #[storage]
    struct Storage {}

    #[constructor]
    fn constructor(
        self: @ContractState,
        initial_supply: u256,
        recipient: ContractAddress
    ) {
        let name = 'MyToken';
        let symbol = 'MTK';

        let mut unsafe_state = ERC20::unsafe_new_contract_state();
        ERC20::InternalImpl::initializer(ref unsafe_state, name, symbol);
        ERC20::InternalImpl::_mint(ref unsafe_state, recipient, initial_supply);
    }
}
----

In the constructor, we're first grabbing the ERC20 state and calling the ERC20 initializer to set the token name and symbol.
Next, we're calling the internal `_mint` function which creates `initial_supply` of tokens and allocates them to `recipient`.

> Since the internal `_mint` is not exposed in the ERC20 library, it will not be possible to create any more tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the internal `_mint` is not exposed in our contract, it will not be possible to create any more tokens.
```
it **is** part of the library, we just used it!

In other words, we've implemented a fixed token supply!

== Dynamic Supply

:access-control: xref:/access.adoc[Access Control]

> ERC20 contracts with a dynamic supply must include a mechanism for creating (and potentially destroying) tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ERC20 contracts with a dynamic supply include a mechanism for creating or destroying tokens.
```
it's a definition rather than a requirement 😅

> Let's make a few changes to the almighty MyToken contract and create a minting mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's make a few changes to the almighty `MyToken` contract and create a minting mechanism.
```

[,javascript]
----
#[starknet::contract]
mod MyToken {
    use starknet::ContractAddress;
    use openzeppelin::token::erc20::ERC20;

    #[storage]
    struct Storage {}

    #[constructor]
    fn constructor(self: @ContractState) {
        let name = 'MyToken';
        let symbol = 'MTK';

        let mut unsafe_state = ERC20::unsafe_new_contract_state();
        ERC20::InternalImpl::initializer(ref unsafe_state, name, symbol);
    }

    #[external(v0)]
    fn mint(
        self: @ContractState,
        recipient: ContractAddress,
        amount: u256
    ) {
        let mut unsafe_state = ERC20::unsafe_new_contract_state();

>         ERC20::InternalImpl::_mint(ref unsafe_state, recipient, amount);

Reviewer: what about adding a big warning in here, just in case someone copypastes it without reading the entire text

Author: Good idea!

    }
}
----

The exposed `mint` above will create `amount` tokens and allocate them to `recipient`.
We now have our minting mechanism!

There is, however, a big problem.
`mint` does not include any restrictions on who can call this function.

> For the sake of good practices, let's implement a simple permissioning mechanism with Ownable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the sake of good practices, let's implement a simple permissioning mechanism with `Ownable`.
```
maybe we could add a link to Access control here on top of the TIP down below?

mod MyToken {
    use starknet::ContractAddress;
    use openzeppelin::access::ownable::Ownable;
    use openzeppelin::token::erc20::ERC20;

    #[storage]
    struct Storage {}

    #[constructor]
    fn constructor(self: @ContractState, owner: ContractAddress) {
        // Set contract owner
        let mut unsafe_ownable = Ownable::unsafe_new_contract_state();
        Ownable::InternalImpl::initializer(ref unsafe_ownable, owner);
    
        // Initialize ERC20
        let name = 'MyToken';
        let symbol = 'MTK';

        let mut unsafe_erc20 = ERC20::unsafe_new_contract_state();
        ERC20::InternalImpl::initializer(ref unsafe_erc20, name, symbol);
    }

    #[external(v0)]
    fn mint(
        self: @ContractState,
        recipient: ContractAddress,
        amount: u256
    ) {
        // Set permissions with Ownable
        let unsafe_ownable = Ownable::unsafe_new_contract_state();
        Ownable::InternalImpl::assert_only_owner(@unsafe_ownable);

        // Mint tokens if called by the contract owner
        let mut unsafe_erc20 = ERC20::unsafe_new_contract_state();
        ERC20::InternalImpl::_mint(ref unsafe_erc20, recipient, amount);
    }
}
----

> In the constructor, we pass the owner address to set the owner of the MyToken contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the constructor, we pass the owner address to set the owner of the `MyToken` contract.
```
